Hi.
This is Kesha Williams from Pluralsight.
Welcome to my course.
Spring Boot Fundamentals.
The users of the TrackZilla application appreciate the REST API we provided.
However,
there have been a few complaints that the API
returns way more data than they need.
With GraphQL,
we can leave it up to the users to determine the
datapoints they'd like returned, offering extreme flexibility and efficiency.
Today, I will teach you about GraphQL, which is a query language for APIs.
We will start with an overview of GraphQL and the GraphQL schema. I will show
you how to build a GraphQL server that exposes APIs to create,
read, update, and delete data. I will teach you about resolvers, queries,
mutations, and how to handle errors. We will wrap up with
GraphiQL, a web application that allows you to execute queries
and mutations against a GraphQL server. So let's get started.